Paradox v0.4 Demo Patch Notes


Bug Fixes:
-fixed grapple and box interactions. The grapple should now properly attach to the box, as well as preventing errors when the box falls off a cliff.
-fixed grapple not going exactly where the mouse was
-fixed walljumping not giving you a speed bonus
-fixed a bug where you couldn't apply settings beacause the 'Apply' button was missing.
-fixed a bug where boxes wouldn't freeze/unfreeze properly when changing timelines
-greatly reduced box performance cost

Moveable Objects
Boxes no longer lock rotation
Boxes now change color when grappled to show they're now paradoxes


General
Eveything now continues what they're doing, even if you're not currently in the timeline. Some examples of changes:
	-If you switch timelines after leaving something on top of a switch (i.e., a box) it will still be treated as on
	-Enemies will still go towards the last location they saw you and chase you
Collision may be very buggy

Switches
Switching timelines while on top of a switch now makes it turn off

Settings
Can now cancel after pressing a rebind button by pressing the Escape key
Now prevents certain inputs from being bindable

Levels
Removed "View Timeline" button
	-Other timelines are now consistanly visible, as if you were always holding the "view timeline" button.
	-Increased visiblity of non focused timeline from 15% to 20%
Added Paradoxes (hey its the name of the game)
	-Pieces of the map that exist in both timelines.
	-Interactable at all times
	-Have a purple tint in the past, red tint in the future.
Reaching checkpoints now raise the boundary closer to you. No more having to redo parts.


Training
Removed starting enemy. Spawn in one if you need to. It was annoying me. 
Added training puzzle (use the walls in the future to get up to it)
	-Rotate box around to make box land on switch
	-Use the switches in the past to move paradoxes arounds  
Removed past switch that rotates random object (was just testing switches)

Emergence (First Level)
Added more content to the level 
Must now pick up grappling hook to use it.
Tweaked platform positions.
Removed view timeline prompt, since button no longer exists.
Elevator now returns back to its starting position at a accelerated pace after reaching the top.


Player
Can now buffer dodge at any time
Dodge boost is now dependant on your movement input instead of your previous velocity	
	-Before, it would give you a flat boost towards the direction you were already moving. 
Decreased dodge cooldown (0.9 -> 0.8)

Grappling Hook

Comments:
	Seemed a little too fast to control properly, but took too long to use mid jump. Toning it down while adding some other functionalities to it.

Greatly increased grapple speed (600u -> 1050u)
Greatly nerfed grapple damage (10 -> 2) (Will probably remove its ability to do damage, i have to add stuff to enemy ai in order to prvent them getting lamed out by this)
Nerfed grapple horizontal pull speed (6.5 -> 5.5)
Nerfed grapple upwards pull speed (12 -> 10.5)
Added cooldown on grapple release (0 -> 0.1) 
Added ability to pull objects,can yank objects with boost (was supposed to be in last patch)
Grapple now falls down towards the ground after a short duration (0.55 seconds)
	-Prevents just shooting it straight up to grapple the top of the level and cheese it 
Added new ui pointer to see where you're aiming (glows green when grapple latches object, red on cooldown)
Grapple automatically releases when hitting a boundary
Now aimable with controller (use right axis stick)